= Introduction =

To facilitate Touchégg settings to other users, you can post in
[https://code.google.com/p/touchegg/issues/list Issues] tab your touchpad
name/pc name and your configuration to run Touchégg correctly.

Also, if you have any problem, you can ask about it in the same tab.



= General configuration =

Normally, Touchégg configuration, consists in change your touchpad configuration
to use evdev driver and _restart X._

Doing this is as simple as go to your /usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/ path and check
if exists any file like "nn-<trackpad name>.conf".

Copy this configuration to the end of /etc/X11/xorg.conf changing the
Driver "<driver name>" line to Driver "evdev".

If the /etc/X11/xorg.conf doesn't exist create it:
$ sudo touch /etc/X11/xorg.conf


= Specific configuration =

 * *Apple Magic Trackpad:*

 Simply edit the /usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/60-magictrackpad.conf file and
 change the driver to evdev:
 {{{
 # Apple Magic Trackpad
 Section "InputClass"
      Identifier "Magic Trackpad"
      MatchUSBID "05ac:030e"
      Driver "evdev"
 EndSection
 }}}
 All gestures are detected and works fine.



 * *Asus eeepc 1000h (Buildin Elantech Trackpad)*

 The original settings can be seen in /usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/50-synaptics.conf
 Copy it to the end of /etc/X11/xorg.conf changing the driver to "evdev":
 {{{
 Section "InputClass"
    Identifier "touchpad catchall"
    Driver "evdev"
    MatchIsTouchpad "on"
    MatchDevicePath "/dev/input/event*"
 EndSection
 }}}
 Not support more than three fingers gestures.

 (Thanks [http://code.google.com/p/touchegg/issues/detail?id=3 mbuess]!)


 * *!MacBook Pro 7.1*

 [https://code.google.com/p/touchegg/issues/detail?id=19#c10 Nils Schmidt] has written
 [http://infiniteblogging.co.cc/ubuntu-10-10-on-macbook-pro-7-1/#touchpad an excellent article in his blog]
 explaining how to install Ubuntu in a !MacBook Pro 7.1, Touchégg included.

 Basically is necessary add this lines to the end of /etc/X11/xorg.conf:
 {{{
 Section "InputClass"
        Identifier "touchpad catchall"
        Driver "evdev"
        MatchIsTouchpad "on"
        MatchDevicePath "/dev/input/event*"
 EndSection
 }}}

 * *Other !MacBook's (!MacBook, !MacBook Pro, !MacBook Air)*

 As say me [http://code.google.com/p/touchegg/issues/detail?id=12 "jlcleary87"]
 Touchégg is compatible with all aluminium !MacBook's and configuration is
 similar to the Magic trackpad configuration.

 Thanks jlcleary87!

 * *Acer Aspire One D255*

 Only copy the content of"10-evdev.conf" in your /etc/X11/xorg.conf:
 {{{
 Section "InputClass"
        Identifier "evdev touchpad catchall"
        MatchIsTouchpad "on"
        MatchDevicePath "/dev/input/event*"
        Driver "evdev"
 EndSection
 }}}
 You can see the full issue [http://code.google.com/p/touchegg/issues/detail?id=34 here].

